my name is Gladys and I'm going to be
doing it Emma Pillsbury tutorial jayma
mays is awesome and i agree that no one
can rock this look like her but I tried
so pretty much I'm going to be showing
you how I do my hair like hers my makeup
like hers and my clothing style as close
to hers as possible so um yeah I hope
you like it this is my first tutorial so
don't hate me I just cut my hair but not
as short as hers so it's not going to
look the same it's actually going to
look more like her hair the way it was
towards the beginning of the season like
episode 12 but um if your hair shorter
it will work out better for you I don't
have velcro hair rollers like she does
um but I'm going to use my brush okay so
I've got everything set up my hair
straightener is warming up and so is my
curling iron and I'm about to blow
drying my hair see it like i said before
i'm going to use this brush instead of a
velcro roller so i'm going to see how
that goes hi pearl it in words I'm
taking the bottom section curling it
Edwards with my my brush instead of the
roller see it kind of works the same way
and I kind of just keep twirling
see all I did was take my hairbrush and
you know twirl it around a little as my
blow dryer was just moving around and I
continued to twirl and twirl and roll it
and look it created a little move my
other hair so you can see see how it
created a little bounce at the bottom so
in my opinion I don't even think you
need velcro rollers but if you want to
make it easier go for it you pretty much
just do that all around I just blow
dried my hair it's a mess right now it
looks like this and like I said my hair
is not as short as hers so mine's not
going to look the same way but I'm
trying to point you in the right
direction and I did the same with the
other side everything is in worth all
around except for the banks the banks
just this section here those you're
going to blow dry while twirling outward
see they're already creating a curl by
themselves without me out of the
straighten or curl or anything now we're
going to move on to the curling and
straightening okay my straining iron has
already been warming up but since the
stuff and Molly has two outlets I've
been having to switch off so my curling
irons warming up which is okay because
we don't need it yet so by the time I
need it will be already my hair is in
the shape it needs to be with a little
help from the brush it's already curly
at the bottom so take the straightening
iron and just fix it up make it look
nice and I'm pretty much you're just
going inward like we've been doing with
everything else in word and word in word
and you see it's already coming together
oh my god so I'm just gonna take the
bangs section of my hair and cinema so
she has her bangs coming all the way
down to here and her face so you can
just go ahead and take this entire
section and put it away for right now
like with a clip or a bobby pin or
something okay so i've pretty much
straightened my hair all around my hair
isn't short enough to make
around a little bit oh I can make it
similar right now if if it were it looks
something like this see round and curl
so I'm going to take out my bangs now
and there they go so I'm pretty much
going to take the banks that I sectioned
off earlier and i am going to straighten
the top a little bit to make it not so
frizzy and weird just straighten the top
a little bit the curling iron good the
curling iron will take care of the rest
so um know that we have everything
straightened and ass I am going to go
ahead and take my curling iron which is
more than one side by now this is
probably the most important part of the
hairstyle you can have your hair
straight you can have it really curled
at the bottom when it's short you can do
anything you want with the things the
bangs are what makes the hair okay you
take the top section the hair goes down
too long for you to do it all in one
piece at ways with my iron I find it
easier to just do it section by section
so what you do is you take your curling
iron okay go it as far down as possible
without letting it go loose okay so i
think it's been hella long enough go
ahead and unwind it you see we've got a
nice set of curls two batters don't look
like this what you need to do ow just
touch it too soon what you need to do is
you see how they're curl right now
you're going to need to put them to the
side and kind of flatten them see what
i'm doing here is you have your hair
straightened and nice and brushed under
it but you have your curls to the side
like so do you see the Lighting's kind
of crap just hold them like that for a
second because they're still hot and
they'll be easier for them to stay that
way see flattened curl bangs it's pretty
much what we're going for now you can
leave them like this or you can do what
she does and go down a little further
and have bangs down to here I'm going to
go ahead and go down now what we're
going to do is we're going to make them
go to the side and flatten it once again
like I showed you just go ahead and
flatten it and these this is what the
bobby pins are for you see hers are very
precise and very flattened into the side
so you're going to just take a bobby pin
and keep them that way
you